CIE-5610 - email and company in the Edge CR are mutable (#4719)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/edge/edge-custom-resource-definition-bundle/specification.md

- `company` | string | Required

    Name of the Edge tenant, for example, the company’s name.  

>   Changes made to the Edge tenant's name using the user interface or Cumulocity API will be overwritten by the Edge operator. Modify this field instead to permanently update the name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Changes made to the Edge tenant's name using the user interface or the {{< product-c8y-iot >}}  API will be overwritten by the Edge operator. Modify this field instead to permanently update the name.
```

Author: The file `content/edge/edge-custom-resource-definition-bundle/specification.md` is a generated one and hence not using the short codes.

Reviewer: Sure, we talked about that, but I didn´t remember the exact file(s).

- `email` | string | Required

    The email address to configure for the platform administrator account.  

>   Changes made to the administrator email using the user interface or Cumulocity API will be overwritten by the Edge operator. Modify this field instead to permanently update the email.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Changes made to the administrator email using the user interface or the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} API will be overwritten by the Edge operator. Modify this field instead to permanently update the email.
```

Author: Same here.
